Kevin disembarked from Muni and walked up the escarpment to the home he rented in the city Sunset district.  The row of houses had no gaps between them, each simply beginning where the other ended.  It struck Kevin that it resembled something of a patchwork quilt, the entire street.  His patch's exterior was originally very nearly #FFFAF0, but had decayed into a musky light-yellow and brown color.  Two hedges denoted the edges of the property line.  They flared upwards forming the shape of the lower portion of a cone, upside down.  Kevin passed the first one and put his key in the gate which, from a frontal view of the property, was evenly aligned with the balcony door, the garage door, and Alex's bedroom window.  The latter was wide open, of course.

Kevin noted the white gate with its Matryoshka design of hearts radiating both upwards and conversely downwards from its center.  The extremities of the heart patterns terminated with a circular flourish on the left and right sides, symmetrically.  He swung open the gate, revealing a lefthand door to the first-floor/garage and a stairwell winding up and into the left and the second-floor which constituted the main house.

Kevin ascended the stairwell, two at a time, gripping the railing.  He rounded the corner and up into the main story.  The hallway opened at the end and to the right to the kitchen and bathroom area.  The left wall was gapped by a large opening leading to the, relatively, cavernous living area and balcony.
"WASP"
*WHACK*
Kevin retreated backwards and into the wall opposite the living area side entry.  A yellow and black blur whizzed past around the corner.
"God damn it"
"Hi Alex"
"Hey Kevin"

Alex stood halfway between the balcony and the living room, straddling the threshold.  He faced in the direction the sliding glass door opens, Kevin's right.  Alex contorted his upper body to be facing the inside of the house.  He wielded a black spray-can in his arm, thumb cupped over the top, aimed downwards at the balcony floor.  His other arm held the balcony portal handle on the inside of the apartment.

The living room was the largest and most open room of the house, making it roughly the size and openness of average rooms in cities with ordinarily sized houses.  A PC tower stood in the corner directly opposite Kevin, above it a desk, and above that a pair of monitors.  Two sensors hung from the living room ceiling, black stalks aimed towards the room's midpoints.  A sofa sat relatively to the right of the desk setup, and to Kevin's direct right as well, and out of Kevin's immediate line of sight.  A television hung on the wall opposite the sofa, Samsung, 55 inches, diagonal.  The wooden floor bore a foamy white-ish blemish.

"Watch your step"
Kevin ducked into the aforementioned cave.  Alex stepped in from the opposite side, and slid the door closed behind him.  He crossed the room in hot pursuit of the blur and rounded the corner Kevin had just rounded in retreat.
*FSSSHHHHT*
"Alex is on a -killing spree-"
"Just how many of them ~have~ you killed today?"
"Just the one, but he put up hella fight"
"Stung you, did he?"
"No, but y'know he was rather evasive.  His barrel roll game is ace....Was ace"
Kevin seated himself on the sofa and crossed one leg over the other, parallel to the floor.
Alex retreated across the hall to the kitchen and emerged with cleaning solution and a roll of paper towels.  He approached the hallway poisonous foam puddle and raised his spray-bottle-wielding hand.

"Kevin, there is no way wasp poison and bleach would make a toxic gas is there?"
"I don't think so.  Maybe, but its probably good"
"Can you open the balcony just in case?"
"Are there more wasps out there?"
"No"
"You're sure?  I think if it were dangerous, it would have to be common knowledge.  Those are pretty common household items, right?  If wasp poison and bleach made a toxic gas, there'd be stories about it on the internet"
"Bleach is dangerous, and they didn't always have these bleach-sprays, it used to only come in a jug.  No one was ever fritzing this on Raid before"
"Alright, but you're sure there are no more of them out there?"
"Well I mean ya there are more wasps 'out there', but I don't -know- of any wasps out there"
Kevin wrinkled his forehead, but stepped to the door and slid it to the right and open.  
"It seems safe.  At least I don't see anything.  Hydrochloride gas isn't invisible is it?"
"Its colorless, man"
"See, then its good we opened the door"
"The wasp wouldn't have gotten in in the first place if you kept it closed"

Alex toweled of the hallway wall and stepped into the living room, still clutching a roll of paper towels and bleach spray.
"It was an honest mistake, Kevin.  Its summer time and there are wasps.  I stepped outside for a smoke and it buzzed right in."
"Your window is wide open all day as well, it didn't come through there?
Alex stopped halfway stooped over and eyed Kevin who was still sitting one leg up on the sofa.
"Seriously?  Are you going to bust my balls about that?  The wasp came from the balcony.  Whats up, did you have a shitty day today man?

Kevin's eyes shifted out of focus, though Alex was already fritzing the floor with bleach solution and did not give notice.
"Well..actually I got laid off today along with 90 percent of the company"
"Oh shit, Gooroo going under is it?  I thought you said they had funding for at least another year."
"Thats what the CEO had told us.  But apparently the shareholders decided it was time to pull out, and that was that."

Alex crinkled his nose up in contemplation.  He stepped up to the sofa and focused on the unseen.
"I should have known, I could smell smoke on you."
"Bullshit, you smell it on yourself".
Alex pinched his shirt between his thumbs and index fingers, lifted his collar to meet his nose halfway, and appraised it.
"I'm not that bad, and you smoke that heavier stuff.  It smells like cranberries or something."
"'Wine' flavored Black and Milds, and I'm pretty sure you're just confirmation bias smelling at this point."
"Naw Kevin, you smell like a goddamn cranberry, not that there is anything wrong with that."
Kevin contorted the right side of his face into a half-squint, directed at his roommate.
"But since you got started early anyhow, how about another.  Tell Alex what happened"
"Alright alright", he let slip a half-smile half-smirk and roused himself from the sofa.

The balcony had a border: solid black railing that rounded the plateau.  Unlike the front gate which was tastefully decorated with nested heart patterns, the balcony railing was vertical and plain.  A puffy fern sat perched in the opposite corner from the sliding glass door in a glowing fish-scale royal purple color.  The fern had not been watered in four days.  Two plastic faded orange folding chairs stood folded adjacent to the fern.  To the other extreme of the pale folding chairs, there was a pail.  Its contents: five oil tubes of varying colors, a paintbrush one inch wide and reasonably thin, and a small watering can, plastic, which Alex had used, precisely, one time.

"Thats the bay area for you.  We've got all these tech startups, its the golden age of end-user applications, but then all these companies, they have a run and then they run out of money.  I don't know who is investing in some of these ideas, but they are crazy."
"Gooroo wasn't that crazy"
"It wasn't?"
Alex produced a pack of Camel Crushes and opened it up to reveal a half-dozen self-rolls.  Alex prerolled these; whenever he purchased green, he made a point of partitioning it into smokes immediately and upfront.  He then stored the rolls in a former cigarette pack, which he would carry on him at most hours of the day.  He also carried a "real" pack of cigarettes.  Alex smoked many brands of cigarettes.  More often than not, the brand which contained his self-rolls was different from the one which contained his tobacco.  Kevin estimated that the brands matched approximately 15% of the time at any given time.  At this particular moment(), the masquerade brand was Camel Crushes.  Alex selected one and extracted a lighter from his back pocket.

"Can we crush it for some menthol?"
"What?"
"Crush it...for some menthol?"
"HA, No, but that is a business idea.  How is no one doing that?  That should be a startup right there"
He passed the joint directly across to Kevin.  Kevin accepted it in the same fashion: gripping it between his index and middle fingers, and adjusting the grip slightly with a push from his thumb.
"It is crazy though.  An app that teaches you how to meditate?  Meditation is deeply personal.  Its an experience that a software application can't know about and can't provide a solution for"
"Thats not what you said before"
"Well my thinking evolved on that matter.  Also I was trying to be supportive about your job before"
Kevin smirked, "you have an interesting way of it"
"Seriously, it was doomed to fail.  Meditation involves spending time away from electronics.  We have too much emotional attachment to our phones.  You can't meditate in the presence of your phone; your phone is a constant detraction from clearing your mind.  That alone is absurd, an impossibility."
"You might be on to something there"
"Strike two was the name.  Gooroo?  How are you going to stand out.  It sounds like a 3 year-old trying to pronounce 'Google'...or something else equally ridiculous."
"Should we really judge something by its name?"
"People do all the time, positively or negatively.  Its not a question of whether we should or shouldn't.  Its a reality and a question of whether we acknowledge it or don't"
Kevin blew one more cloud of smoke, took the joint back between his right (index and middle) fingers, and extended it back towards Alex, such that it was perpendicular between them.  Alex completed the handoff.
"Thirdly, they fired you, so that is three strikes in my book"
"Laid off, not fired.  But I'll give you that point.  You really don't think that an application can teach someone a skill?"
"I didn't say that, I said it couldn't teach them meditation.  Tranquility, true peace, is a human experience.  It comes from within.  Meditation can only be taught in the sense that we have shared experience with other people."
"That doesn't explain why you couldn't learn from an app though.  We have shared experiences when we go out and play basketball, but an app can teach you how to improve your free throws"
"I would debate that too, but moreso that free throws are not the same as meditation.  When I say shared experience, I don't mean in the nostalgic sense that we did something together and remember it fondly.  I mean a shared feeling or sensation... like a psychic connection.  Meditation is all about mental state.  It can be taught, or learned, rather, through silent personal connection"
"I'm not sure there is a scientific reason for believing that."
"It really depends how liberal you want to be with the word 'scientific'"
"Not very"

Alex reached into his right back pocket and revealed a pack of Camel Crushes.  He flipped it open to reveal actual Crushes and removed one from the pack.  He removed the smoke-stick with his left hand and replaced the pack in his back right pocket.  He fingered the joint in his mouth and passed it to Kevin with the tried and tested two-finger handoff.

"You're right about the free throws anyhow.  I mean with those at least its a very physical and measurable skill.  How do you even go about measuring meditative success?  Self-reported feedback?  God knows we couldn't get people to report feedback to the app"
"Forget about Gooroo.  It wasn't meant to be, that doesn't mean you failed"
"Yet anywhere I go to interview, they will ask me what happened there and why I left.  They will see it as a failure because in some sense, it is one"
Kevin took a long drag off the joint which flared color: orangered.
"Speaking of interviews, how are yours going"
"Oh, I'm still studying.  Haven't started yet.  I just want to be sure before I apply you know?  The big ones are tough, and I want to get it right."
"You should start, we can make it a team effort.  Interview, huddle, share trade secrets, smoke some joints."

Alex had the joint at this point, which he flicked over the side of the railing.  He looked antsy, swaying side-to-side lightly as he placed the joint back in his mouth for a drag.
"You're right, we should.  Its just hard to find a job when you're still working, you know"
"Who are you contracting for now?"
"Actually, its kinda funny.  There is this company called Cartons in Cars, cigarette delivery"
"Cigarette delivery is legal in California?"
"Ya, apparently so.  I couldn't believe it either.  This place is genius actually for making a delivery service around it"
"What are you doing for them?"
"Oh, they have a wordpress stack setup they occasionally need updated"
"Honestly, vice delivery is the way to be in this industry.  Marijuana, alcohol, pizza.  All vice delivery markets.  I guess people are just used to going to liquor stores to get cigarettes and alcohol most of the time though.  Its a habit."
