Enter Boss, Office Workers.  Office workers are sitting in the rows of desks and working quietly.  Boss is pacing around.  Enter David, David greets Boss who does not notice him.  She continues pacing.  David looks at her with an odd expression and sits down and begins unpacking his backpack.  Enter CEO

David: Oh right the company meeting today.  And what could this be regarding on Monday morning?

CEO: Good morning, good morning.  You must all be wondering why I called you here for a company meeting at such an odd hour.  Certainly Monday is an odd day..and it is right after the start of the new year too!  I hope you all had a good new year.

His voice trails off in the last sentence and he stops.  He stares off to the side of the stage, whereas previously he addressed the audience.  After brief pause he snaps back to reality, continuing.

CEO: I have an update concerning the company.  Well, you see, it's that.. The investors have lost faith.  Funny thing, investors, they get spooked like horses at the first sight of something wrong.  Nothing that can be fixed unfortunately, believe me I fought hard on your behalf.  You all deserved it, every last grievance I issued those investors.  Such talented and fine people you are, never has the software industry seen.  Truly a collage of diversity.. uplifting and inspiring..

His voice trails off again and he stares off to the side.

David: You don't mean to say..

CEO: (snapping back and looking at David): Yes, the company ceases to exist.  It is quite former.  The investors agreed to give everyone a month pay and benefits starting tomorrow, at my behest.  The management team, including myself, will stay behind and clean up all the loose ends here.  Just a little bureacracy you know, dreadful work.

David (aside to worker): He can't be serious?

CEO: Look at all you though!  Bright futures ahead.  You know it.  I know it.  You have some time off now and you quite deserve it.  You know you reap what you sow.  So turn in your badge and your laptop to you human resources and debrief with your manager on the way out.  You know what they say: you don't have to go home, but you can't stay here.

He bows, and exits, Daria gets up and hurries out with him.  Workers and David remain, sitting in stunned silence.  They gaze around at each other and off in space.  David stands up.

David: Who could have seen this coming?  We hired Steven in marketing not two weeks ago.  They told us we had money in the bank for a year.  I blame management.  They must have known this was happening.  I saw Karen today acting in-the-know.

Worker 1: It happens.  Most software startup companies fall down.  I'm sure she didn't know until this last weekend.

David: Ya, I suppose.  Still, someone was not honest about the state of our ship.

Worker 2: Consider it a blessing, I for one am going to take a trip, visit Hawaii, the land of peace.

Worker 1: I've always wanted to go to Paris, I got a minor in French in College!

Worker 3 (blurts out): I want to bike to Alaska! (pause) What about you David?

David: I.. I think I'll look for a job.  I haven't been here all that lo-

Worker 2: What?  When is the last time you took a trip?

David: Well I guess I haven't.  Though I have always fancied visiting Argentina or Australia.

Worker 3: You simply must!

David: Well I..

Boss (calling from off stage): David! Lets talk!

David (rising): That'll be Daria, pardon me.

Workers exit stage, David walks off to the left and is joined by Boss who appears onto the stage walking briskly.  David spins around quickly to follow her.  She sits in the kitchen at one of the high tables and looks at a small book she is carrying.  David sits next to her.  She is a commanding confident personality.

Boss: There will be an employment firm on site Wednesday night to help you with the job search.  Your last paycheck will go home with you, I have it right here.  You benefits are good until the 31st of this month.  You must sign this release form on pages 1, 2, and 5.  Give it to HR.  You may choose whether to purchase your laptop or not, at a discounted price.

She stops quite abruptly.

David: Can we discuss something real?

Boss: I don't know what you mean.

David: No, you never do.  Not all things can be properly explained, they must be felt.  I will go and find another startup company to join.  I came here and you were generous to hire me, I lacked experience in quality assurance.  I leave here now with my quiet confidence and will seek a job at another startup company.  San Francisco is not wanting for them and I leave with more experience than when I joined.  But what of you?  You had a team.  You were a director.  You had power.  Power must always be released autiously.

Boss: You heard the CEO.  I'll stay and work on the project after everyone has left.  We are to clean it, convert it to an open source project.  The investors would like their work to come to some fruition.  Someome must stay and see it through.

David: And after that?

Boss: Then I'll turn my badge into HR.

