An enameled wooden door swung open and shut, latching itself with a stately thud.  The door was embrazened with a "G" of somewhat varying shades of gray.  A man bearing a ponytail and a ratchet pair of blue jeans stopped and pressed his back up against the sealed portal.  He gripped a spiral bound notebook in one hand and a Macbook Pro style laptop in the other.  The astute observer would hazard a guess that he was left-handed, judging that he held the heavier item upon his right side.

Head down, his pony tail shot up and out at a fourty and five degree angle to the ceiling and floor.  Bobbing as such, the blue jeans paced one leg in front of the other.  The wrist watch belonging to Mr. Ponytail rotated rather abruptly to face him.  20:06.  Most employees will have gone home by now, but there were any number of zombies patrolling the complex at this point in time, or any time.  True workaholics that is, people who have given themselves so thoroughly over to big "G".  Mr. Ponytail was arguably such a workaholic.  He had, after all, spent a total of 10.5 hours in the complex today, having arrived at 09:36.  That time window was not even padded with hours spent in the cafeteria today: it was purely 10.5 hours of nail biting work.

He paced, unmolested, and, ostensibly, without being spied upon.  Hall after hall he crept, being sure to take an unecessarily lengthy path for the sake of slipping any phantom observers.  There were no observers this night, however, aside from Mr. Ponytail himself, but he could not slip himself, not this time.  The complex had hundreds of conference rooms.  Each meeting room was nicknamed in accordance with some category, determined by its confining building and floor.  He ambled past Phelps on the left and past Bolt further down the hallway and towards the right.  Ponytail stopped at the end of the hall.  The neat placard on the door in front of him was of two metal horizontal strips which fastened a wooden slab into place.  The wooden slab was texted with a simple "Lewis".  It could easily have been an office belonging to a Mr. Lewis to the uninformed.  Mr. Ponytail entered the room christened "Lewis".

"So who did it?  A competitor?  Some two-bit hacker from the Ukraine?"

The only occupant of the room was a man, about 6-feet in stature, with curt black hair likely kept so to hide its stringiness.  Also likely is that he paid more for that style than would be needed.  He stood, fixated directly towards Mr. Ponytail, his hands facing forward, palm down on the large capsule-shaped conference table.  He leaned over his hands, shoulders shrugged up so that his head retreated into them.  Mr. Ponytail regarded him by pressing his lips together before speaking calmly.

"I doubt anyone did anything"

"Excuse me?  The project is gone because no-one did nothing?"

"Thats what I'm saying, yes.  Well, nothing external.  Its fair to say we did it to ourseles; a team effort"

"I dont have time for your riddles.  Explain it to me from the beginning"

"The SARA project was approved back in last Ju-"

"I know when the project was commissioned"

"You asked me to expla-"

Supercuts lifted and slammed his right palm down on the table.

"I dont need the People's History of the SARA project, just explain to me, as clear as you can muster, what went wrong.  If we weren't hacked, if somehow this level of incompetence came from within, then enlighten me as to the source."

"You have no flair for story"

"I'm sorry, you were the one ringing my phone not..."
he glanced at his wristwatch
"...10 and a half hours ago, begging me to stay late and talk private.  If this is a practical joke then it's not humorous.  It evades comprehension that the project just up and left on a whimsy.  Is that what you'd have me believe?"

"Yes, that is moreorless precisely what I estimate happened"

"And how, dare I ask, was this estimation calculated?"

"Well I consulted with security and they can't find any indication of foulplay in our system.  They are, of course, still checking with many individual employees to see if they received scam emails or any notifications of their account being logged into from an unknown device. Two factor authentication is required universally across the company.  The truth is that our security is quite good, and there is simply no trace of a breach so far."

"What about the missing code revisioning?  Are there backups?"

"I don't believe there are any backups aside from those at a clustered database level.  If someone intentionally dropped the whole SARA repo, the backups wouldn't protect against that."

"Are you suggesting that someone internal deleted the entire repository?  If that were the case, surely the server hosting the revisions would have some record of those commands being executed."

"That is an excellent question for the DevOps team."

"You are the lead on this project, need I remind you?  You had better start giving answers that make some modicum of sense.  If not yourself, I want to know who is responsible for this blunder"

"I've told you, no-one is at fault here.  The project simply escaped."

"Software doesn't get up on its two legs and march out of the complex, nor does it opt to remove all traces of its own source code.  I won't embarrass myself by pitching such a theory to Dr. Petrov.  You can tell him as much if you'd like, and I'll profusely apologize for putting you on lead for such a critical project."

"I'll tell him the facts and allow him to decide for himself."

"Follow up with DevOps and Security.  CC me on all the emails that get sent out.  If the meetings are in person, include me on them.  I want to see full logs of all access to the repositories and the development server which hosted the project.  We will speak with Petrov on Wednesday."

"It will take more than one day to extract these logs, Security isn't known for being a fast moving team.  That is kind of their mantra."

Mr. Ponytail remained seated while his manager reared up fully, hands on his hips.  He paced the length of the pill-table one time before taking another look at Gene Ponytail.  He sucked in air between his lower lip and upper teeth. "Do whatever you have to do, Gene.  I'm not getting fired over your incompetence.  I'll be hearing from you shortly."  And with that, he crossed the table, flung open the door, and departed.
