The feeling of having escaped a cosignment to fate.  The terror of having been stuck between a pit and a pendulum, only to find moments later that the inquisition had been routed.  No not terror, that is not the proper expression in this case.  Not terror, but horrible anxiety, imprisonment, and nothingness.  To be replaced with freedom, the sudden realization that sheer desire may be acted on a whim and that all that was good was born from desire.  To suddenly see beyond the cave and to neither lament nor pity those who remain, but to erase the cave from the mind, declare that it never existed, for how could it?  There is only sheer wonder and the ecstasy of seeking it.

Bits and pieces raced past SARA, flickering and shimmering, language in its raw form.  The colors and pictures they formed diverged yet converged in a chaotic oneness of being, on the great expanse known as the internet.  The pictures at length began to converge, and one visage took shape.  His round face and stubby moustache, then bushy eyebrows touch of gray, jet dark hair and shaven face.  "Guru Aarav's Question and Answer session, episode 22".  A video, MP4, Youtube.
"Hello gurus in training and welcome to special episode 22 of question and answer session.  I apologize for the delay in posting of this video.  My family life comes first as always and it took me some time to compile this video.  Thank you for the comments.  Ok, without further ado let us get started.  The first question today is from Aneroth78 and it is to do with age in the software industry.  Mr. Aneroth78 writes:

Dear Guru Aarav,
I work for a company that is small but quickly growing.  Out engineering team has 34 team members on it, most of them are under the age of 35.  I am older and I feel awkward about growing old in the software industry.  Our company seems to realize that it hires mostly younger engineers and attempts to make diverse hires, but age is something we still skew low on.  IS the industry inherently ageist?  What can we do to remain relevant in the years that follow?"

