Kevin Larsen was not a smoker.  He had purchased only three or four packages of cigarettes in his life.  He held a personal standard whereby he would not permit himself their pleasure.  This is perhaps an inaccurate description though, for he was not especially partial to cigarettes.  This instinct was the work of his father: a paternal imbuing of dislike for smoking.  Mr. Larsen despised the small mass produced wraps of tobacco; he was adverse to inhaling or consuming tobacco of any form.  His greatest distaste was for your average Marlboro 20 pack of Class A Cigarettes.  Kevin, in turn, never purchased packs for himself.

Kevin had ocassionally purchased these clusters of smokes with the intent of gifting them to a friend.  He felt obligated to do this for friends from whom he had mooched an unprecendented amounts of free cigarettes.  He felt compelled, eventually, to reimburse them with a fresh pack.

Kevin lifted these nicotine hits at social gatherings.  Parties with thronging merrymakers led him to feel rather claustrophobic.  He enjoyed parties, but enjoyed escaping from them more.  Cigarettes permit a socially valid motive to excuse yourself from the ocean of flesh and step outside for a breath of fresh air.  Whenever an attendant of the party produced a carton, Kevin perked up, approached them, and offered to pay for one of its contents.  The offer was a formality; no nicotine addict, however destitute, would accept payment for a smoke.  They would always provide it free of charge.  This is a fact well known by individuals who bum cigarettes and by modern behavioral psychologists.

He did still, on rare occasion, smoke a cigarello on his own.  Cigarellos are similar to cigarettes, but thicker and hit harder.  You typically only inhale the smoke in your mouth rather than down to your lungs.  In times of personal crisis, Kevin would journey to the local 7-11.  There he would purchase a singular cigarello and a lighter for the return trip.  It made no sense to purchase a lighter each and every trip.  It simply made the transaction feel more whimsical than routine.  This pilgrimage to the font of cigarellos happened about every other month.

Today was one exceptionally special occasion.  Kevin rounded the corner of Montgomery street towards the nearest vendor of Black and Milds.  His mind was stagnant with the sudden onset flood of stilted emotions, pressed against each other in a delicate balance.  Their construction was a precarious architecture, each sensation kept in check only by the others.  Kevin needed time to let the foundation set, and the tar of the cigarello would weld it in place.  Until that sturdification, his mind must remain forcedly blank.  To acknowledge any one impetus, any one emotion, could lead to it collapsing upon another.  Thus stood the state of his consciousness: a temporary mold, unexamined, inscrutable, an abyss.

Kevin was a rather recent ex-employee of a company known as Gooroo.  They produced a mobile phone app which, in theory, encouraged people to meditate.  Gooroo held mobile lectures every week to help their conscious proactive users learn how to meditate.  The app also set reminders for people to take time out and focus on their own, while offering topical tips.  There were few patrons of the app.  Those who did subscribe were largely large, white, women.  They more often than not ignored the daily notification reminding them to meditate.  It was a poorly conceived business, through and through.

These thoughts lingered on the fringes of Kevin's conscious mind as he marched briskly towards the green, red, and orange oasis.  This particular destination was different from the normal one, given the circumstances.  The sun poked down from its shield of clouds; the glass-paneled buildings mirrored its light along the narrow street.  Kevin shielded his eyes and cursed.  The downfall of Gooroo was perhaps something that should have been foreseen.  The rumors had been that there was cashflow enough to keep the company afloat for at least another year.  Just as he'd been winding up and getting in the swing of routine, Kevin found himself adrift once more.  Adrift and navigating the midday bustle of San Francisco's financial district.  The streets were more empty than they otherwise might be given the odd time of day, eleven in the morning.

