What does the film Jerry Maguire show us about comedy?  The movie is first and foremost a drama centered around a perennial desire to live honestly and speak plainly.

"Show me the money" - "Show you the money" - "help me, help you" - "help me, help me"
"You want me to dance"
"Thats not a man, thats a disorder"
"Somebody is always to blame" - "maybe love shouldn't be such hard work"


The nanny.  This character is comedic relief from the drama.  Referring to himself as a childcare specialist (and au pair) as a first introduction is humorous because he defies what we would expect from a stereotypical nanny.  His opening speaks to masculinity issues and overcompensation.  It comes off a bit heavy in the first instance of the character, but it still serves well within the context of introducing a strange character in such a jarring way.  The nanny is later hinted to be gay as he dons a slight lisp.  This revelation builds on the previous masculinity and insecurity but is trumped immediately by an unrelated humor quip in which he tells Zellweger that he'll be teaching her boy jazz and she replies awkwardly "ya that should put him to sleep" which tears down the nanny just as his character was just marginally built upon.  The jarring tempo in this transition is humorous.  The icing on the cake is the nannies physical reaction to the unintentional quip in which he looks defeated.

Rod is another humorous character.  He is in the position of being Jerry's primary customer and lifeline.  This leads to Jerry both catering to his whims and looking to him for support.  Rod and Jerry's relationship throughout the show helps build the idea of what consitutes integrity in the sporting industry.  Rod is a diva and although he remains loyal to Jerry, he is moderately imposing on Jerry.  This culminates with the humorous "help me, help you" line.  I recall this line being said by the Sorceress unit in WarCraft3 and in hindsight that could very easily be a reference to this movie.  Jerry follows Rod into the locker room to continue talks about their business.  Rod is naked and Jerry physically kicks the wall a few times after Rod continues to be a drama queen just a bit long.  Jerry gets down on his knees and directly begs "help me, help you" on repeat.  The simple rhythm of the phrase resonates in an amusing fashion.  The dram spills over into humor given the circumstance and Rod actually laughs with the audience after a spell.  At least I was laughing before Rod himself burst into laughter.  The scene is exceptionally compelling because it adds to Rod's character.  He was previously a serial complainer and pusher.  His laughter expands the emotional depth of the character and shows him more bare than possibly even Jerry in the situation.  The falling action of the scene ends with Jerry walking out in disgust and Rod declaring that they were only just then starting to make progress on negotiating.

The point is that it takes complete transparency and honesty in order to properly communicate with other people.  There is no reason to deceive them or ourselves in not identifying our own motives and emotions and being forthright about them.  Only then can we communicate with others.  The irony of the situation is that Jerry is too burned out to continue the conversation after this break through.  The effect is minorly tragic since it follows a humorous high point of the film.

Jerry's ex is a psychopath.  This is one universal truth on the nature of bullshitters.  Jerry has heart and aspires to be a straight shooter.  His ex is similar in that regard, but she has no heart.  When he breaks up with her, he is clearly moderately afraid of her and she does in fact strike him after arguing with him.  She begins to bullshit when Jerry breaks up with her because she is a psychopath and too proud to see the contradiction in her normal self.  The manner in which people deal with loss shows their true colors.  She is not accustomed to loss and she is angry that Jerry takes her virginity in that sense.  Humorously also is her evident bisexuality which is used as a plot point buildup of her being a go-getter no-bullshitter personality.  